Pricing change for Devices (#1645)
FlowFuse/website: src/changelog/2024/02/device-pricing-change.md

---
title: Pricing change for Devices
date: 2024-02-09 13:00:00.0
authors: ["marian-demme"]
tags:
    - changelog
---

> Starting today, we have introduced a simplification of the pricing structure for devices on FlowFuse Cloud, effective immediately. All information is available on our [pricing page](https://flowfuse.com/pricing/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting today, we have introduced a simplification of the pricing structure for devices on FlowFuse Cloud, as [announced last summer](https://flowfuse.com/blog/2023/08/new-starter-tier/). All information is available on our [pricing page](https://flowfuse.com/pricing/).
```

Reviewer: I'm wrong
